Update agent section (#44)
agentregistry-dev/website: content/docs/mcp/local/deploy/kagent.md

   Example output: 
   ```console
   ✓ Deployment/mymcp-server created
   ```

> 3. List the deployments and verify that `my-mcp-server` appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. List the deployments and verify that `mymcp-server` appears.
```
